Bitcoin Socratic Seminar 30 (#67)
atlantabitdevs/atlbit.dev: content/events/2024-07-17-bitcoin-socratic-seminar-30.md

It’s almost time for <a href="https://www.meetup.com/atlantabitdevs/events/302026995/">Bitcoin Socratic Seminar #30</a>!

## What is a Socratic Seminar?

Inspired by other BitDevs meetups around the US, our Socratic Seminar events are formatted to foster debate, information sharing and lively discussion.

1. Discussion topics are provided ahead of the event
2. The event moderator(s) leads the audience through the topics
3. Raise your hand to grab the mic and participate in the conversation
4. We go to a bar afterwards

## Logistics for Tonight

Tonight we'll be meeting at ATL BitLab. Join our <a href="https://atlantabitdevs.org/telegram/" target="_blank">telegram channel</a> in case you need to ask for help finding us the night of the event.

### Address

684 John Wesley Dobbs Ave NE,
Suite A1
Atlanta, GA 30312

### Parking

Park anywhere in the gravel lot that has a "tenants only" sign (ATL BitLab is the tenant and you are their guests). You can also park right in front of ATL BitLab's fence. Avoid the areas marked for valet use.

Look for the **orange door** behind the **fence**.

## Topics

### 🤙 Opening Presentation

> We’ll have an opening presentation to learn about [something](/#) from [somebody](/#).

Author: ```suggestion
We’ll have an opening presentation to learn about using wrapped lightning invoices on Sats.gg from [Chad Welch](https://x.com/chdwlch).
```
